OADP-4916: Fix oc command mentioned in PV opt-in/opt-out section (#82747)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-backing-up-opt-in.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
= Backing up pod volumes by using the opt-in method

> You can use the opt-in method to specify which volumes need to be backed up by File System Backup (FSB). You can do this by using the `backup.velero.io/backup-volumes` command, where `<your_volume_name_x>` specifies the name of the xth volume in the pod specification.

Author: ```suggestion
You can use the opt-in method to specify which volumes need to be backed up by File System Backup (FSB). You can do this by using the `backup.velero.io/backup-volumes` command, where `<your_volume_name_x>` specifies the name of the `n`th volume in the pod specification.
```
